Elevate Plan is ICICI's health
insurance plan. This policy
has some unique and feature-rich benefits
as well as some important riders, which
we are going to discuss in this video
.  If you watch until the end,
you will be able to understand this policy easily
.
I am going to explain it in detail step by step in this video and
finally I will
show you an example and calculate the premium of the policy. So
watch till the end and you will understand this video
easily.  Let's check the eligibility criteria first.
How much insurance can you take? In this
policy, you
can take a policy from 5 lakhs to 3 crores and there
is another option in this. Since it is an
unlimited option, if you
take it, you will be paid no matter how many claims you get in the future. The
insurance company will come next and give us the tenure.
Tenure means how many years you can
take the policy at once. That is, you can take it for one year, you can take it for two years, you can take it for three years at once. And so on. By
taking it for two years and three years at once,
you will get an extra discount at once
.  Next, the eligibility criteria for
how many people can take the policy means that you can take it as a
family floater for two adults and three children
and
you can also take the policy as an individual
.  The next point is
waiting periods. So if we
talk about waiting periods, we
have an initial waiting period of 30 days, which means if you take out the policy today, the
policy will start after 30 days
.  When the next waiting
period arrives, we will only be covered for specific diseases,
i.e. non-emergency diseases,
after two years
.  I have already
made a video. If anyone wants to watch this two-year waiting period,
watch this video and
you will get clarity.  The next
waiting period is PED,
meaning if you have any health problems before you take out the policy, you will be
covered after three years
.  So this is related to the waiting period
.  So let's talk about pricing.
Now, how is pricing
calculated? It is
zone based, i.e. Zone A, Zone B, Zone C, Zone D.
So, Zone A, Zone B, Zone C, Zone
D. So, there is a pricing difference here,
in some places it is high and in
some places it is low.  But
no matter where you got it from,
you can claim it anywhere all over India.
No Issue First Benefit comes and we get
inpatient care, that is, what is covered after we are admitted to the hospital? There may
be doctor's fees, surgeon's fees,
operation charges, ICU
charges, blood oxygen, and any
tests that are done. So all of these are paid for.
Also, you are
provided with a single AC room in this policy.  One thing
to remember is that there is a condition here,
if you go for an upper room than a single AC room, you will also
need to pay half the amount.  So
remember, you have been provided with a single AC room
.  You can use that single AC room
.  The next point is
day care for us.  Day care is a place where we are
treated without being admitted,
meaning we are treated 24 hours a day
without having to be there.  Day
care has a list and
everything is covered according to them.   For
example, you may have
chemotherapy, radiotherapy
, dialysis, and
all of these are covered in the policy.
And remember, peritoneal
dialysis cannot be covered by day care
.  What this means is that
this treatment is done when the kidneys are not functioning well
.  So,
this is not covered in day care.  The next point is about
modern treatments.
If you want
to know what modern treatments are, watch this video and you will
understand in detail.  So modern
treatments are 12.  So they were
covered in the policy.
You are covered under the policy without any limits
.  The next point is that
we have pre-hospitalization and
post-hospitalization, which means that
you are covered for 90 days after the pre-hospitalization.
What does pre-post mean, 180 days after the post, if you
see a doctor, you can get
tests done there before being admitted to the hospital, otherwise you can
take medicine, there are surgeon fees, so
all of these are covered.
This pre-
hospitalization cover will only be provided to you if your doctor says you need to be admitted to the hospital
.  This can
be given to you cashless and you can also take it as reimbursement
.  Also, the post has been
provided to us for 180 days. Same,
after you are admitted to the hospital,
after discharge, we will need to meet the surgeon again, we will
need to meet the doctor, we will need medicines,
or we will need any physiotherapy.
Those are also covered in the
policy. The next point of 180 days is that
we have Ayush
treatment. Ayush treatment is also covered in this policy.
You can take this too.
But if the condition arises, the Ayush treatment should be recognized by the
government, only
then can you get this Ayush treatment
.  And coming to this, you can
also take it as reimbursement and
you can also take it cashless. The
next point in this policy is
ambulance cover, which means if you want to go from your home
to the hospital in an ambulance,
it is covered. In
the policy, if you have to go from the hospital
to another hospital,
it is also covered. If
you need any test from the hospital,
you go to that center, so it is
also covered. But
if you are told that after your health recovers, then
you
go home from the hospital, then
you will not be paid if you use that ambulance.
Remember this.  Here's a small
announcement: As usual, I
regularly receive calls from 7-8.
Some people
take out policies for information about insurance, while others ask for suggestions
.  So I allocate time for all of them and
talk to them.
But this also causes me a little trouble. If I have to
attend so many calls every day, I have to provide quality
service, so I have
made a plan. I am starting a paid
consultancy, that is, a 199 paid
consultancy.  So what
this means is that if you
take out a policy with us, that 199 will
be minus.  If you
take a policy from somewhere else, you will be given consultancy.
You
can take a policy from anywhere, so
you will have the
opportunity to take care of yourself so that you do not have any claims problems in the future.  So I don't want to put this in, but please understand that I need to
put this in for my service to be better for you.   The
next point is when we have an organ
donor hospitalization,
whatever charges the organ donor has,
up to the limit, but there
is a condition here that some of them are not covered.
That is, it is
covered for pre-hospitalization and post-hospitalization, as well as
screening.
Screening means checking whether this organ is suitable for you or
not. That is
called screening. They also pay for those.
Also, if we have any complications, we
pay for them as well. Similarly, if we have any
medical requirements, we
pay for them as well.  So, consider this carefully and
take a policy when taking it.   The
next point is
domiciliary treatment, which is provided when there is no bed availability in the hospital or when the patient is unable to go to the hospital
.  But here, once the condition develops,
treatment should be taken for at least three days.
It
should be approved by the doctor at home.
Only then will this treatment be given
.  Here I am
showing you the list that covers only these
.  We are covered by domicile treatment for everything, but
only for some things, domicile treatment is
given.  The next point is that
we have a guarantee bonus, meaning you have a
policy worth 10 lakh rupees.
Suppose you don't receive any claims,
then what the company does is give you a 20%
bonus.  It will pay as long as it lasts, meaning
your policy is for 10 lakhs, so it will pay
100% until it reaches another 10 lakhs, meaning it will pay 10
lakhs, but
no claim will come.  Once you receive this bonus, it is a
guaranteed bonus, so no
one can take it from you
and it will always be yours.  There is also another
condition: if you
take out unlimited sum insurance, you will not be eligible for this guarantee bonus
.  The next point is that
we can call it a reset benefit,
or we can also
call it a restore. Different companies
use different words
.  What this means is that, in simple terms,
you have 10 lakh rupees,
you get a bonus and you have 5 lakh
rupees.  Similarly, suppose you receive a claim in 2026 and
you have completely used up your 10 lacs plus bonus.
This reset benefit will trigger after use.
Trigger means it will
turn on.
This reset benefit will be activated only after a claim is made
.  Then, suppose you get a claim again in the same year, say
5 lakhs, 7 lakhs,
8 lakhs, 9 lakhs, or 10 lakhs,
then
you will be given 10 lakh rupees from this reset benefit
.  This is provided to you for free without you having to
pay any extra charges
.  The next benefit
we have is bariatric surgery, which is
related to weight.  You've
tried everything natural, but your weight isn't coming off
.  Then the doctor should recommend that
you need surgery.  So,
some precautions need to be taken for that. Here I am
showing you what the eligibility should be. You can see that
we have an in-patient
surrogacy mother.
You must have heard it lately.  Surrogacy is also called
surrogacy, so this treatment is done through IVF
.  So
what is covered here is that if this policy is
taken out, then whoever is the surrogate mother will
need to take this policy out for three years.  And the
policy will start after one month
.
This policy provides coverage for three years after delivery
.  Because
this policy covers any complications or problems that arise.
Remember here that this policy covers delivery
as well as the newborn baby, and
you will be given coverage up to a maximum of 5 lock pieces
.  Also, the next
point is that we have an oocyte donor. An oocyte
donor is when we
don't have blood, we take blood from someone else and
inject it into our body.
So, when we have trouble conceiving, we
take the sperm from someone else and give it to us through IVF
.  So it's called an oocyte donor
.  So they were also covered by the police
.  Here too, delivery charges are
not paid and newborn baby coverage is not provided.
Only expenses are paid when
complications arise.  This too is
covered up to ₹5 lakhs. The
next point in the policy is the wellness
program.  The wellness program is a
yes.  Once you connect to the app,
every day you
do some fitness-related activities, whether it's walking or running, you'll earn rewards points,
which will result in a
discount at the time of renewal
.  So that's the topic of this wellness program
.  So far, let's
talk about the basic features and benefits.  Now
let's talk about special riders.
So, after learning about these riders, you will have an understanding of what benefits you will get from taking these
riders
.  The first rider comes in
the policy and you can also call it Infinity Care, which means limitless.
How it
works is that your policy is worth 20 lakh rupees and
you have a policy.  But if you
ever get a big claim in the future, it could be 1
crore, 2 crores, 5 crores, or
even 10 crores,
then
you can use this Infinity Care.  So,
whether you take a portable policy at once or individually, you will get this one-time use
in your lifetime. How can you
take it? You
can take it when you take the policy for the first time, or you can
take it at the time of renewal.
After that, you will not have the opportunity to take it in the first renewal.
If you have
taken a two-year or three-year policy at once, then they also do not have the opportunity to
take this infinity care
.  When using Infinity Care once,
for example, suppose you
use Infinity Care in 2027,
then the sum insured you have and if
you have any bonus, if you have added anything else as an
extra, then all of them will be
zero in the Yed On Cover for that year.
So when you use this Infinite Care,
remember this condition. When the rider
comes, we have a power booster, which is a guarantee
bonus. How does this work?
You already have a bonus in your policy, that is, if
you do not get a claim, you will get a 20% bonus. Apart
from that, what is the
benefit of taking this rider as an extra? It will
add 100% to you every year. For
example, you have
taken a policy of 10 lakh rupees.  Next year,
another 100%, meaning another 10 locks, will
come.  So every year they keep adding 10 locks, 10
locks, 10 locks
.  So this is a
benefit for you.  Remember one condition here
.  If someone
has taken out unlimited sum insured,
this bonus is not applicable.
Another thing is that if you
remove this bonus at any time in the future, if you remove this option, the
total bonus you have will be zero.
Remember this, the next rider will come and give
us a star. So what use will this benefit be to you?
You may have high BP,
hypertension,
hyperlipidemia, asthma. The
six diseases shown here will be
covered for you from 31 days after you take out the policy.  So
by taking this option, you will get this benefit
.  What benefits will
you get from this?
It can be used for all of these things, such as when you are hospitalized or if you have day care.
After 31 days, if you develop any health problems from these,
you will be covered
.  The next rider comes and we have a
maternity benefit. How can you take this rider?
That is, if you take the policy for the first time, you
can take it then, or you can
take it at the renewal time.  The maximum amount
covered was Rs. 100,000
.  So what was covered was that if you
needed any prenatal tests, that is, tests before delivery, they were covered
.  Also, even after delivery, you are entitled to
postnatal care for up to 30 days after delivery.
Until then, you are
covered under the policy. These delivery
expenses are covered under the next
rider, which is the newborn baby
coverage. If you want to take this rider, you must already have maternity coverage, only
then will you be able to take this rider
.  So when will it be covered?
Newborn baby coverage will be provided for up to 90 days after birth. Keep
this condition in mind when you take this rider.  Next
rider comes and we have vaccination cover. Does the
newborn baby need vaccination? By
taking this rider, you will be
given vaccination charges up to a maximum of
10,000. Remember this condition.
Next rider comes and
we have domestic air ambulance. How it
works is that when a patient is in critical
condition, it needs to be taken from one city to another
.  So
then we can use this air ambulance
.  So, if you
take a rider, you will have the opportunity to get this benefit
.  Next Rider comes to
us with what we call claim protection, which is consumable
items.  So definitely take this rider,
there may be a mask, there may be mineral
water, there may be internet charges, there may
be gloves, so
all of these have been covered, this is the
list.  So, they cover what is covered according to them.
You definitely take this rider in the policy. The next rider
comes and tells us about the room modification. Why is this room
modification? Why is this rider?
You were given a single AC room in the policy
.  But think about whether all hospitals in India have single AC rooms
or not
.  If not,
you may have a problem and will
need to pay half the amount out of your own pocket.  You will
need to pay for operation charges,
room charges, and
doctor's fees. All of these are
calculated based on the room you take
.  That's why by adding this room modification
rider,
you will have the opportunity to take any room available for treatment anywhere in India.
Here I am saying one condition,
specifically, don't use it like that, saying that we have a higher room,
we are going for treatment, whatever room is available there.  If there is room availability,
we should get treatment in that room.
Don't waste your money thinking there is a higher room. Remember this.  The rider
comes and gives us a health checkup benefit.
How this health check benefit
works is that you have the
opportunity to get a health check every year.   The
maximum amount given is
up to ₹5000.  So consider whether this rider will be
useful to you or not before
taking it.  The next rider comes with
worldwide coverage, meaning if you
go outside India and
want to get treatment, the sum insured will
be up to a maximum of 3 crores.
And if you want to get treatment outside the country,
you can get it there after getting approval from the company
.  When you travel there for the first time, there
is a 45-day count from the date you travel, and you will need to receive treatment within those 45 days
.  And remember, this includes pre-
hospitalization and post-
hospitalization coverage
.  The next rider
arrives and we are critically ill.   If you want
to know what critical illness is, watch these videos
.  It will be easy for you to understand
.  But here I can't recommend
adding this rider
because only 20 critical
illnesses have been added.
There are companies that offer more than this.  If you
want to take that rider, you can.  But
I'm not recommending it, but if
you want to take it, you can take it.  So these are the
important riders, there are also riders
but not that important, that's why
I've
explained to you the important riders.   I
will give you a premium calculation using an example.  So you
get an idea of ​​what the premium will be like
.  So I took the person's age as 35
.  I took two adults and two
children.  I took a ₹10 lock
policy in Zone B.  And
I added a power booster to it,
which means I also added a guarantee bonus and
infinity care
.  So the total premium I received was
22520.  So this is a
review of the elevator policy. This video is a bit
longer.  The length has increased because of the clear and
detailed explanation
.  So please understand
.
See you again in the next video.  Thank you, Namaste.
I am your God.